Add quickstart section for auth and onramp kits (#166)
safe-global/safe-docs: learn/safe-core-account-abstraction-sdk/auth-kit.md

# Auth Kit

> This library provides a way to authenticate blockchain accounts using email addresses, social accounts or traditional web3 wallets (ex. Metamask). When using web2 methods as your email or social account, a derived Ethereum address will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auth kit uses the [auth-kit SDK](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/dev/packages/auth-kit) to create an Ethereum address and authenticate a blockchain account using your email address, social media account, or traditional web3 wallets like Metamask.
```

Author: mmm, not sure if any of the descriptions is super clear for me. What do you think about:

```
The [Auth kit](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/dev/packages/auth-kit) allows the onboarding of any kind of users (crypto natives or not) by providing several authentication ways as social logins, email accounts or wallets. The result of the authentication is a standard cryptographic key provider for managing the web3 interactions
```

Reviewer: What is unclear about it? The description is meant to be a very simple introduction to the kit. We can add more details later like the cryptographic key in subsequent paragraphs.

## Quickstart

### Prerequisites

> - [Node.js and npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm#using-a-node-version-manager-to-install-nodejs-and-npm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node.js and npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)
```

> - For using Web3Auth as the authentication provider, you need to have a [Web3Auth account](https://web3auth.io) so sign up if you don't have one already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a [Web3Auth account](https://web3auth.io) to use Web3Auth as the authentication provider.
```

### Install dependencies

```bash

> npm install @safe-global/auth-kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Why delete the npm way?

Reviewer: It's redundant. Most users already know that `yarn add` can be substituted with `npm install`. To be more explicit, we can add it as a comment in the docs. 

Having both creates more work for the developers. They can't copy-paste the code and run it easily. They'll have to remove the command that's not relevant to them.

yarn add @safe-global/auth-kit
```

### How to use

> Create an instance of the [SafeAuthKit](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/blob/195588a4388b15f06b05d2027ffd43185781be34/packages/auth-kit/src/SafeAuthKit.ts) class providing the `SafeAuthProviderType` and `SafeAuthConfig` as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an instance of the [SafeAuthKit](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/blob/dev/packages/auth-kit/src/SafeAuthKit.ts) class providing the `SafeAuthProviderType` and `SafeAuthConfig` as parameters.
```

> Currently we only support the `Web3Auth` provider type but we plan to add more providers in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Web3Auth` is the only provider type currently supported but we plan to add more providers in the future.
```

```typescript
import { SafeAuthKit, SafeAuthProviderType } from '@safe-global/auth-kit'

const safeAuthKit = await SafeAuthKit.init(SafeAuthProviderType.Web3Auth, {
  chainId: '0x5',
  authProviderConfig: {
    rpc: <Your rpc url>, // Add your RPC e.g. https://goerli.infura.io/v3/<your project id>
    clientId: <Your client id>, // Add your client id. Get it from the Web3Auth dashboard
    network: 'testnet' | 'mainnet', // The network to use for the Web3Auth modal. Use 'testnet' while developing and 'mainnet' for production use
    theme: 'light' | 'dark' // The theme to use for the Web3Auth modal
  }
})
```

The `authProviderConfig` object is the specific configuration object for the Web3Auth modal:

- `rpc`: The rpc url to connect to the Ethereum network

> - `clientId`: The client id of your Web3Auth account. You need to create an application in your [Web3Auth account](https://dashboard.web3auth.io) to get this value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clientId`: The client id of your Web3Auth account. [Create an application in your Web3Auth account](https://dashboard.web3auth.io) to get this value
```

While you sign in with the same email or social account, the same Ethereum address will be returned.

```typescript
// The signIn method will return the user's Ethereum address
// The await will last until the user is authenticated so while the UI modal is showed
await safeAuthKit.signIn();
```

The `signOut` method will remove the current session.

```typescript
await safeAuthKit.signOut();
```

You can get the Ethereum provider instance by calling the `getProvider` method.

```typescript
safeAuthKit.getProvider();
```

We expose two events in order to know when the user is authenticated or when the session is removed.

```typescript
safeAuthKit.subscribe(SafeAuthEvents.SIGN_IN, () => {
  console.log('User is authenticated');
});

safeAuthKit.subscribe(SafeAuthEvents.SIGN_OUT, () => {
  console.log('User is not authenticated');
});
```

It's also possible to get the associated Safe addresses to a external owned account adding the transaction service url to the config. This could be useful depending on your workflow.

```typescript
const safeAuthKit = await SafeAuthKit.init(SafeAuthProviderType.Web3Auth, {
  ...

>   txServiceUrl: 'https://safe-transaction-goerli.safe.global' // Add the corresponding transaction service url depending on the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  txServiceUrl: 'https://safe-transaction-goerli.safe.global' // Add the corresponding transaction service url depending on the network. Other networks: https://docs.gnosis-safe.io/learn/infrastructure/available-services#safe-transaction-service
```

  authProviderConfig: { ... }
})
```

When `txServiceUrl` is provided, the list of associated Safe addresses will be returned as part of the `signIn()` method response.

## Example

> [Check a functional demo](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/195588a4388b15f06b05d2027ffd43185781be34/packages/auth-kit/example) using the `auth-kit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Check a functional demo](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/dev/packages/auth-kit/example) using the `auth-kit`
```
